Read i18n from cookies on midddleware (#5919)
vuestorefront/vue-storefront: packages/core/docs/commercetools/configuration.md

- `clientSecret` - Commercetools secret API key. Visit [Commercetools documentation](https://docs.commercetools.com/tutorials/getting-started#creating-an-api-client) for more details about creating an API Client
- `scopes` - The scope constrains the endpoints to which a client has access, and whether a client has read or write access to an endpoint. Visit [Commercetools documentation](https://docs.commercetools.com/api/scopes#top) for more details about Scopes.

> By default the i18n settings, such as `currency`, `locale` and `country` are loaded from cookies. To force and override that behavior you can also set those properties under the `api` section.

Reviewer: Please add an example

> By default the i18n settings, such as `currency`, `locale` and `country` are loaded from cookies. To force and override that behavior you can also set those properties under the `api` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the internationalization settings, such as `currency`, `locale`, and `country` are loaded from cookies. To override this behavior you can set those properties inside the `api` configuration.
```
